Ah, what is going
on...?! (terrified)
(PROSTITUTES screaming & panic)
It appears someone
has launched an attack.
[ISHTAR] (annoyed) I
possess sight, simpleton!
[ISHTAR] Who would do something
like this!? (startled)
(ISHTAR shock)
[ISHTAR] It can't be...
[ISHTAR] She wouldn't dare...!
Wouldn't you prefer
that I accompany
you... Lady Freya?
Please.. You need
not worry about me.
[FREYA] Now, I expect you all
to carry out your duties.
She and I are going
to have a talk...
goddess to goddess.
[FREYA] Or perhaps I should
say... woman to woman.
(FREYA giggle)
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
(BELL stand up) (heavy breath)
Impudent brat...
You've done it this
time, little boy!
Now that the stone is gone,
you can't complete the ritual.
(PHRYNE seething)
[BELL] Now, please
let Miss Haruhime go!
(LENA notice)
[LENA] Hey, come look!
[LENA] Everything's on fire!
(gasp) What's going
on down there?
[PHRYNE] Don't mouth off
to me, stupid rabbit!
What makes you think we
would just let her go!?
We can still use her if we
get a new Killing Stone!
[HARUHIME] Please
leave this place.
(BELL gasp)
[HARUHIME] I'm... I'm just a...
It's because you're a
prostitute, right?
(HARUHIME shaky breath)
And "to a hero, you are
a harbinger of ruin."
That's what you
once told me.
However.. The type of heroes
both you and I look up to,
are not like that!
(HARUHIME gasp)
It doesn't matter..!
A true hero would rescue
anyone without discrimination!
(HARUHIME touched)
[BELL] That's the kind of
hero I choose to be...
[BELL] So Miss Haruhime...
We're going to protect you!
[HARUHIME] But I...
[HARUHIME] I don't want to
be a burden on all of you...
I've been tainted!
I don't deserve it!
[BELL] Stop acting
like you're worthless!
Stop acting like we can't
do anything to help!
[BELL] Being looked down on
and feeling dirty is nothing
to be ashamed of!
[BELL] The most reprehensible
thing you can do
is to stand around and not take
action while you try to make up
your mind!
You still haven't said
what you want!
Be honest and tell me what
you feel in your heart!
(HARUHIME speechless)
[PHRYNE] Haruhime!
(HARUHIME gasp)
[PHRYNE] Start chanting.
I want your "Sorcery
magic" used on me!
Now, hurry up!
(fighting)
[HARUHIME] Let them grow...
(PHRYNE toad laughter)
[HARUHIME] Bless the
vessel with thine power.
[PHRYNE] That's a good girl.
[HARUHIME] A tower of riches
for a tower of wishes.
[PHRYNE] All your fancy hero
talk was for nothing!
[HARUHIME] Until the
tolling of the bell..
[HARUHIME] I call thy
glory and illusion.
[HARUHIME] Let them grow...
Uchide no Kozuchi!
(BELL shock)
(PHRYNE shock)
Miss Haruhime's power...?!
I can't sell myself anymore.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
(tear up) I want to live!
Please save me!
Damn you! Break the spell
this instant! Do it!
(HARUHIME worried)
Useless little tramp!
(HARUHIME scream)
(BELL seething)
(fighting)
You're still
going to die, boy.
(rageful charge)
[BELL] This is Level Boost...!
Ah, what are they
doing down there?
[AISHA] Lena. Take
everyone and run.
Huh? But Aisha...?
It has to be them.
The Freya Familia has
come to destroy us.
(LENA shock)
[AISHA] Without
the Killing Stone,
we have no chance of defeating
them.
[AISHA] The Ishtar
Familia is doomed.
What are you going
to do, Aisha?
[AISHA] I'm going to stay.
I have some unfinished
business with someone.
[GULLIVER A] We're going to
make this very clear, Ottarl.
[GULLIVER B] We don't
care for Bell Cranel.
He monopolizes our
goddess's attention.
[GULLIVER C] We will obey her
orders and eliminate the enemy.
[GULLIVER D] But we
will not help him.
Do as you wish.
All that matters is you cut off
Goddess Ishtar's escape route
(OTTARL notice)
(MIKOTO waking up)
[LILI] Isn't the sudden lack
of guards kind of suspicious?
[WELF] Yeah... What the
hell's going on around here?
Hestia.. this fills
me with concern..
Yeah... Preserving Bell's
innocence could very well be the
least of our worries right now.
[LILI] What's that
supposed to mean?
(battle cry)
(fighting)
(dying grunt)
(WELF gasp)
[ALLEN] Who in the
hell're you guys?
[ALLEN] You're a smith,
by the looks of it.
Now be a good low‐level peasant
and go piss in your forge.
You don't belong here.
[WELF] What did you just say?
[LILI] Don't bother,
Master Welf!
[OUKA] That's Allen
Fromel, a level 6...
[OUKA] Known as... "Vana Freya".
My suspicions
were correct.
Yeah. Freya's
making her move.
At any rate, our objective
is still the same.
Let's hurry. We have got
to find Bell and Mikoto.
(fighting)
(toad laughter) Doesn't it
feel good..? Haruhime's talent.
[PHRYNE] Who, in their right
mind, would be stupid enough
to give up power like that?!
[PHRYNE] Haruhime will be
our key to victory... Now
and forever!
(BELL pained)
[BELL] (wince) No, she won't...
She's not some tool you
can just wield at will!
(PHRYNE surprised)
[PHRYNE] (seething) How
dare you... mar my face!
[PHRYNE] (strong inhale) Die!
(PHRYNE shock)
(PHRYNE scream)
(BELL grunt)
(BELL heavy breathing)
Miss Haruhime...
is coming with me.
(PHRYNE grunt) (heavy breathing)
What... What's going on?!
[PHRYNE] It's on fire...?
(PHRYNE sad) (notice)
[PHRYNE] (fear) Ottarl...
Greetings, Phryne Jamil.
(fear) What.. what in the
hell are you doing here?
[PHRYNE] I get it...
You're behind this!
[PHRYNE] You..(grunt) Bastard!
(fighting)
(arm crunch)
(PHRYNE scream)
(gasp) I‐I'm sorry! You must
forgive me! I will do anything!
Oh.. I know! I'll let you
have your way with me.
Isn't a filthy night
of passion tempting?
[PHRYNE] You can do whatever you
want to me! Whatever you want!
Come on, all this
can be yours baby!
I can satisfy you even
more than a goddess!
[PHRYNE] Your Freya can't
hold a candle to me!
(OTTARL anger)
(PHRYNE gasp)
You ugly wretch... That's
blasphemy against our goddess...
Blasphemy!
(PHRYNE shocked gasp)
(explosive anger)
(PHRYNE pain) (screaming)
[CHIGUSA] Mikoto. Are you okay?
(MIKOTO dazed)
Ah, you're awake..
[MIKOTO] What's going on,
why are you all here?
What gave you the impression
we would just abandon you two?
I admit, you did cause us some
worry when we found you though.
You were unresponsive.
And Master Bell?
We've been looking for
him this whole time,
but no luck.
We have no idea where he is...
[MIKOTO] The Hanging Gardens.
[HESTIA] Huh?
We should make our way
up to the Hanging Gardens.
[AISHA] Now there's
a face I can respect.
[AISHA] However...
Don't expect me to just throw
up my hands and walk away.
[AISHA] Compensation is required
in order to leave the Familia.
You understand, don't you?
[AISHA] And besides, even if
Haruhime manages to flee from
our Familia,
there are others out there who
will attempt to use her, once
they learn of her power.
[AISHA] Still eager
to take her with you?
All the consequences are
irrelevant! I am going to
save her!
Very well.
[AISHA] I do hope you realize
that I am going to make your
earn the girl of course.
(BELL focus)
(AISHA focus)
(BELL exhale)
(AISHA smirk)
How stupid.
You waited too long and now
the Level Boost wore off.
That's fine...
it works in my favor!
(fighting)
(ISHTAR panting)
Is she that senseless?
Why would she go to such
lengths for just one boy...?!
(ISHTAR gasp)
[FREYA] I hope you've been
well... Darling Ishtar.
[ISHTAR] Freya...!
[FREYA] I'll cut to the chase:
We need to talk.
Rather...
I suppose I've come to
say "fare thee well".
Seize her at once!
Oh!
What adorable children
you have, Ishtar.
(taken aback) You‐you
charmed my own children?!
[ISHTAR] Please wait.
I never meant anything
by it, Freya.
I had absolutely no idea the boy
meant that much to you! It was
an honest mistake. (frightened
gasp)
That's cute dear. It's been
fun watching your charade
and I've let your little
pranks slide until now but...
I can no longer tolerate
it. It's over.
(ISHTAR speechless)
[FREYA] You see, I'm
going to make him mine.
[FREYA] So any woman who lays
a hand on him must be punished.
[FREYA] I'm going to..
destroy you.
[ISHTAR] (fear) Agh...
(frantic running)
[HERMES] Oh, say it isn't so!
[HERMES] It pains my heart...
[HERMES] To think it was I
who spilled the beans about
Bell to Lady Ishtar!
[HERMES] And now... it
has all come to this!
(sigh) So?
About how much of this
went according to your
plan, Master Hermes?
Oh I merely lit the
fuse. That was all.
To be perfectly honest, I never
thought it would get this bad.
[HERMES] Ishtar's jealousy
runs much deeper than I
could've possibly imagined.
[HERMES] Also, Lady Freya's
love for Bell far exceeded
my expectations.
[HERMES] Perhaps most shocking
was Bell. He was the biggest
surprise.
(fighting)
(crazed laughter)
That's it!
This is why we can't
bring ourselves
to stop sleeping with men!
[AISHA] You're all arrogant,
wild, and strong!
[AISHA] It's men that get our
blood pumping. In a way that
no one else can!
(BELL pain)
(AISHA gasp)
[AISHA] (concern) Come forth,
champion of valor!
[AISHA] Courageous warrior,
unyielding legend, cruel and
selfish hero!
[BELL, internal]
Concurrent Chanting...?!
[AISHA] Prove thyself worthy
of the Queen's sash!
[AISHA] Satisfy, pierce, and
butcher thy flesh. Prove thyself
worthy! Ravenous blade...
[AISHA] Thy name is Hippolyta!
(BELL gasp)
(bells tolling)
Did you set out to try and
destroy the Ishtar Familia?
[ASFI] Was it just for fun?
[ASFI] Or Perhaps,
it was all a test?
It's not my fault the
world wants a hero.
The Gods, their Children... Even
that poor lonesome lost soul.
They are all seeking him out.
[HERMES] Zeus! Orario is going
to finish what you started...
[HERMES] We will do
what you could not!
[HERMES] Watch proudly over us
as we raise him to be
the very last hero!
[AISHA] Hell Kaios!
(BELL yell)
(BELL struggling)
(AISHA struggling)
(AISHA gasp)
(BELL charge)
(AISHA grunt)
[BELL] Fire Bolt!
(AISHA gasps)
(AISHA gasp for air)
[BELL] (OM heavy breathing)
(BELL panting)
(ISHTAR panting) (gasp)
(ISHTAR gasp) (nervous)
Our little game has
come to an end.
(ISHTAR gasp)
[FREYA] I'm afraid I've
run out of patience.
(ISHTAR amused)
Listen, Freya! I'm going
to let you in on something.
[ISHTAR] Bell Cranel is immune
to our power of charm.
[ISHTAR] Aren't you curious
as to why that is?!
If you're telling the
truth, then I'm even
more impressed by him.
[FREYA] In fact, that
excites me more to have him.
[FREYA] However.. you do not
need to be the one informing
me of such things, Ishtar.
(TAMMUZ attack)
(gasp)
[FREYA] Leave us be.
[TAMMUZ] Yes.. yes ma'am.
[ISHTAR] You managed to
charm my subject?!
Then does that mean...
that your beauty is more
powerful than mine?!
[ISHTAR] Why?! What the
hell could be the difference
between you and me?!
[FREYA] Character.
(ISHTAR offended gasp)
Well, what else
could it possibly be?
[ISHTAR] (seething)
Agh You bitch!
(ISHTAR gasp)
(loss of balance) (scream)
[FREYA] Now that you've learned
your lesson, I'll have no more
trouble out of you... Ishtar.
Though I suppose it's
a little too late...
[SONG, "Melody of
the Full Moon"]
[LILI] That light...!
I would assume
it's from Ishtar...
She must have been
sent back to Heaven.
She's gone. She'll never be able
to return to the lower world.
[BELL] Huh?
Goddess Freya?
Master Bell..?
(BELL surprise)
[BELL] I'm here,
I've come to save you.
(HARUHIME gasp)
[HARUHIME] Thank you so much..
You are my hero.
(BELL touched)
[HESTIA] Bell!
(BELL excited)
[LILI] Master Bell!
Lady Haruhime... We really did
it. I can hardly believe it.
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time: "Rakia."